{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red50\green50\blue51;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c25490\c25490\c26275;
}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0This office is awesome. I was really surprised with the way I was welcomed warmly, the kindness of the staff, and the care they provided to me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Wenasso T.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Everything was perfect from the staff to the waiting area!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Maria C.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0The staff at Highlands Dental in Clarksburg are very nice and friendly. Thank you for all that you do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Tracy M.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0My experience was excellent. Highlands Dental is one of the best dentist offices I have been to and would suggest this office to others. In fact, I told my brother how great the office is several months ago and now he and his five year old daughter have both had their teeth cleaned.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Carl C.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0We trust Doctor Tong's technique and his recommendations.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Noah L.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0They take good care of me & my 4 boys!! Thank you!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Cheryl H.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Natasha and Dr. Khanna were wonderful with myself (who has dental phobia) and my 4 year old daughter (this was her first visit). I'm very grateful for their kindness and professionalism.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Bridgette T.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Great service. Extremely kid-friendly environment with very understanding dentist and good amenity, e.g.: video games in waiting room. Bilingual - Chinese and English.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 James C.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0I want to take the time to say thank you from the bottom of my heart! Kyler's teeth look amazing thanks to everyone's hard work! I'm truly blessed to have had the pleasure of meeting you all and seeing step by step of the process!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Kristine P.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0As usual, all staff treated me like a friend they had not seen for a while.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Emily M\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Your dental team is the reason that we have selected Highlands as our family dental practice. The team\'92s personalities and warm smiles seem to fill the room. The detailed explanation of services constantly exceeds our expectations.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Willie J\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0My first visit was awesome and everyone I had the pleasure to meet from the receptionist, to the hygienist, to the dentist confirmed my search produced true treasure. I left your office relieved with a confident smile. I am excited with the dental plan your team has developed for me and finally trust that my concerns are being addressed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Tahira M\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0You have a fantastic dental staff and office. Please keep up the impeccable service. two thumbs up... and if I had more thumbs they would point up as well! Thanks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Ahmad Hadi Jarrar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0I am a newer patient and have always been welcomed with a smile. Also, the staff has been very clear about charges and timely about submitting the services I need to my insurance company to be approved. Dr. Tong was wonderful. He is a patient, knowledgeable and kind person. Thank you very much to all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Brigitte Bard\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0I have had a good time with the team so far. All the advice have been in my best interest. I was reminded that i needed to take care of the health of my teeth first before worrying about bleaching - lol (health first - should have known that!). I heeded that advise and i am very grateful.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Khalifa Sangarie\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0The entire team was EXTREMELY helpful and welcoming - thank you so much for making the visit possible for us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Jackson Chadwick\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0Dr. Tong is the most professional and knowledgeable orthodontist in the region. Excellent job and thanks a lot.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Mabel Tao\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0My family fees welcome every time we have go for our appointments. My son always feel comfortable, and that makes me feel great!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa900\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs30 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Angel Reyes\
}